doc: module and submodule documentation (#4)
terraform-mongodbatlas-modules/terraform-mongodbatlas-encryption-at-rest: modules/aws-kms/README.md

# AWS KMS Key Terraform Submodule

This Terraform submodule sets up [encryption at rest](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/security-kms-encryption/) using an AWS KMS Key for your [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/products/platform/atlas-database) Project.

> It creates the following resources:
> 
> - A MongoDB Atlas Cloud Provider Access Setup.
> - An AWS IAM Role.
> - An AWS IAM Role Policy.
> - A MongoDB Atlas Cloud Provider Access Authorization.
> - Enables Encryption at Rest in the Atlas project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It creates the resources to perform the following actions:

- Set up Access to Cloud Provider for MongoDB Atlas.
- Create an AWS IAM Role.
- Create an AWS IAM Role Policy.
- Authorize MongoDB Atlas for Cloud Provider Access.
- Enable Encryption at Rest in the Atlas project.
```

## Resources

The module creates the following resources:

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_kms_key](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/kms_key) | data source |
| [mongodbatlas_encryption_at_rest](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/1.17.6/docs/resources/encryption_at_rest) | resource |
| [mongodbatlas_cloud_provider_access_setup](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cloud_provider_access#mongodbatlas_cloud_provider_access_setup) | resource |
| [mongodbatlas_cloud_provider_access_authorization](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cloud_provider_access#mongodbatlas_cloud_provider_access_authorization) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy) | resource |

> -> **NOTE:** Encryption at rest can only be enabled once per project.

Reviewer 2: good call out, would make sure we add a similar note in push based logging
